DOC-874: 5.9 skins and icons release notes (#2094)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: release-notes/release-notes59.md

### Premium Skins and Icon Packs - New features

The following icons have been added to all premium icon packs:

- New icons for new table toolbar buttons described under [New features - New table toolbar buttons and menu items](#newtabletoolbarbuttonsandmenuitems).
- An icon for the [new Advanced Tables row numbering feature](#advancedtables110).
- A new `language` icon for the [New language toolbar button and menu item in core](#newlanguagetoolbarbuttonandmenuitemincore).

> The **Bootstrap** icon pack has been updated with the latest Bootstrap icons and also include improved `table-cell-properties` and `table-row-properties` icons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Bootstrap** icon pack has been updated with the latest Bootstrap icons and includes improved `table-cell-properties` and `table-row-properties` icons.
```
Maybe? Either way `include` should be `includes` :shrug:
